Hi, everybody, welcome back to the Data Science Hangout. So nice to see everybody. If you
are joining for the very first time, what is this? So the Data Science Hangout is an
open space for the whole data science community to connect and chat about leadership questions
you're facing and getting to learn about what's going on in different companies and industries
in the world of data science. So these sessions are recorded and they're shared to the RStudio
YouTube, as well as the Data Science Hangout site, which is going to be brand new on the
new Posit site pretty soon here. But you can go there to rewatch and find helpful resources
Together, we're all dedicated to making this a welcoming environment for everybody. So we love
when you all can participate and we can hear from everyone, no matter your level of experience or
area of work. So you can ask questions a few different ways. If you've been here before,
you know the drill that you can jump in by raising your hand on zoom, you can put questions into the
zoom chat. And feel free to just put a little star next to it if you prefer. I read it out loud
instead. Otherwise, I love to just call on you to read it and and add some context too. And then
lastly, we also have a Slido link so you can ask questions anonymously and Tyler or Hannah will
share that in the chat in just a second here. You can ask questions these ways, but you can also
jump in and add something to the specific topic if you have other perspective you want to share.
It doesn't just have to be questions. We love to hear that too.
And then if there is something that you're really excited about and you want to keep the conversation
going, I would love to have people connect in the LinkedIn group too, which I'll put in the chat
again in just a second here. But I am so excited to be joined by my co-host for today,
Marcos Huerta, a data science manager at CarMax. And Marcos, I'd love to turn it over to you to
have you introduce yourself and share a little bit about your role and background and maybe
something fun you like to do outside of work too. Sure, sure. Hi, everybody. It's fun to be the
co-host this week. Thanks, Rachel, for having me on. So yeah, I have a PhD in astrophysics
from Rice University. Completed that quite some time ago at this point. I actually spent
about a decade working in Washington, D.C. in science policy. I worked for a member of Congress.
I worked for my professional society as a science policy fellow. I was a McCall fellow. I worked at
the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science for about five years. I had a lot of titles,
special advisor, senior advisor, special assistant. But at the end, I was basically the chief of staff
of the Office of Science. But when that position ended in January of 2017, I was kind of looking
for other stuff, kind of ended up working, you know, part-time contract gig at University of
Texas, Austin. But eventually, I did the data incubator, data science boot camp in fall of 18,
back in the before times when we could do things in person. And so I can talk a little bit more
about how I got to the point where I could do that. I, you know, had, I could use IDL for my
science in graduate school. Has anyone ever heard of IDL? If you use IDL in the chat, IDL fans, like,
put a post in the chat. But, you know, this is proprietary C-like data language. That's what I
wrote, like, my thesis in. So that was not a programming language that was going to be of any
use to any data science-like job I might want. So I taught myself R. And I taught myself Python.
Actually, I found my first commit for a Python project just doing, like, non-data science in
Python in, like, 2015, it looks like, when I was playing, started playing around Python.
And then my wife and father-in-law actually suggested data science as a career track.
And I, and I started, I did Swirl, right, to use to teach myself some R. I got RStudio. I think I
originally was using R, and then I found RStudio, which was much nicer than R, so I started using
RStudio. And I think, I guess I did the Hopkins Coursera courses, which are kind of, like,
kind of very similar to Swirl, right? They're kind of using some of the Swirl stuff. And that's how I,
because a data incubator has, like, a multi-stage application process where they give you, like,
data sets and questions, and you have to, like, type in the responses. And so I used R for all
of that, right? That was kind of my thing. And then I think I discovered Shiny somewhere in
there and started playing around with Shiny apps just for kind of fun side projects. And then
eventually got into the incubator in fall of 18, and then, well, that was mostly a Python-driven
program. But I did use Shiny for my final project, at least for the web interface for my final
project, my capstone, as we called it. Carmex hired me. I got hired by Carmex on the very last
day of the incubator. So we were at the little going away party, and Carmex got a call from my
current boss at Carmex and making me the offer. And I've been there since. I work in the appraisal
lane. Carmex will buy cars from anyone. We obviously use algorithms to help us make those
decisions and those offers. And then recently, we've started about a year and a half, two years
ago, we started doing this online. We go to carmex.com and type in stuff about your car and
give us your VIN, and we'll give you an offer on your car. And that really has been my main focus
for the last, well, however long we've been working on that, several years, the algorithms,
the systems behind it, et cetera. Yeah, so now I'm a manager. Data science, I've been there,
I'm almost getting close to four years now. It'll be four years in January at Carmex.
So happy to talk about the career transition stuff, happy to talk about the tools and
the systems we use, happy to... Yeah, absolutely. Okay, one more quick thing,
what do you do for fun outside of work? Something I do for fun. It's funny. I used
to play a lot of softball and I was going to play... We had the Carmex finally organized a
game like last Friday, but I was in Texas, so I missed it. So I'm hoping that they will come back
and we can play some softball in the spring. I mean, everything's going to be sore after swinging
a bat for the first time in years, but that is something I used to do a lot. I used to do a lot
in DC. I had a team in DC that was a lot of fun. Hopefully, I get to play that again. These days,
I do a lot. There's a lot less time. I have a three-year-old, so I just want to spend time
with her, of course, and the small windows where there's calm, I play games. I do a lot of side
projects, ironically, with coding and stuff. Some of my work colleagues have scratched their head
that I program outside of work hours, but I do that too. That's great. So thank you for the
background too and sharing your journey. For some people who maybe are thinking about making
the switch into data science, what is, I don't know, maybe some of your lessons learned in
moving over? Sure. So I mean, I had a quantitative background. That certainly helped.
I think both for, I don't know how much it helped with my resume, but I'd done some quantitative
stuff in graduate school. I'd analyzed a lot of data. I could put a bunch of big numbers about
how many megabytes, gigabytes of data I reduced and stuff. So I think that helped. But I think
to me, the best thing about the incubator bootcamp, this might be true of other programs,
it reminded me that I could still learn stuff, and relatively quickly. The incubator, the way
it works, it's like every week, one week is like web scraping, one week is scikit-learn,
one week is PySpark. It's just like boom, boom, boom. And at the end of every week,
was I a master of the new thing I'd learned? No, but I'd kind of gotten a decent handle on it,
right? And just the ability, just knowing that I could learn again, knowing that in my 40s,
not a state secret, hold on, that I could like, it was like 30s back then, I could still learn all
of this stuff and kind of figure it out. It's kind of the anti-impostor syndrome. I went from
thinking, well, I don't know what data science is, to like, hey, actually, I can kind of pick
up anything in a week if I work on it full time. That was a very liberating kind of thing to figure
out. But it will sometimes feel overwhelming, like all career changes do. Yeah, absolutely.
So making that switch over and jumping right into the role at CarMax, how did you
find that transition into a management role? Yeah, so I started as a senior data scientist.
My title is manager, but it's really more managing projects than it is people management.
But at the beginning, the first few weeks of CarMax as a senior data scientist were very
intimidating. It was still in person. People were nice, but I just didn't know anything. I
didn't know what unit test was. I didn't know. We were going through these code reviews. People
were making jokes about how they were working on unit tests. And I'm like, what is a unit test?
Like, I mean, I knew so little about anything, right? So it was just very, felt very like,
oh my God, what have I got myself into? Like, what am I doing? Like, why do I do this? Like,
and I moved my whole family to Richmond. You know, my wife was about, you know, was pregnant.
So it was just a very scary transition. But, you know, slowly but surely, I realized, okay,
I kind of understand this. I'm kind of getting my head around that. I made my first little pull
request where I changed one little thing and added like mean absolute error method so we could
get that to pop out of something. And I was like, okay, I kind of, I'm kind of getting this. I kind
of know what a unit test is now. And then slowly but surely, the imposter syndrome started to melt
away and I realized that I could add a little bit here or there. So the transition was tough though.
I mean, like, you know, obviously when the pandemic hit, you know, I've been insulated,
not insulated, but I had been in nonprofits and in government through all previous economic
troubles. So like, you know, I was not particularly worried about my job, but like,
you know, pandemic comes, stores are shut down. Oh, if we can't sell cars, we don't have any money.
This is like, this could be a problem. And, you know, people started getting furloughed. And so
that sort of, you know, obviously it's just, that was a very, not shocking, but it was just a very
visceral sort of thing. Like when we had all the economic, you know, problems with the pandemic
or later shutdowns. So that was very different. But overall, like, you know, Carmex had hired some
other PhDs right before me and after me. So like, there was still a real, it kind of felt in some
ways, once I got into it and I got into a rhythm, the senior scientist role felt like kind of being
back in graduate school. You know, I was like looking at data all the time, I was making plots.
The difference was instead of as an astrophysicist, kind of tunnel vision on my one little star that
I'm looking at, no one else knows anything about, like I'm touching like a part of an algorithm
that like the whole team is working on. Right. And there's a lot more interaction, a lot more
feedback, a lot more people that can directly help me. Right. Because they know like they've worked
on something similar before. Whereas I felt like as an academic astrophysicist, like I kind of was
the expert on this little thing and, you know, yeah, I'd go to a group meeting and talk about it,
but then everyone else went back to working their own little things. And there wasn't really a lot of
cross, you know, connections. Whereas at Carmex, like, hey, we're all trying to
buy cars profitably. And there was a lot of good camaraderie, it got good, you know,
especially back in the very beginning when we were all in person, you know, with people looking at
my screen and like telling me and showing me the code, where the code lied. It was very collaborative
and it was very, it was like a better version of being, I guess it wasn't for some, you know,
purely let's figure out how the universe works sort of thing. We're trying to sell cars, but still,
it was very satisfying. In the end, it felt very satisfying, like trying to iterate and solve
problems. When you say like building an algorithm or sometimes I'm like, oh, the algorithm, like,
I know exactly what that means, but like, what's an example of like a project that your team works
on? Sure. So the online appraisal algorithm is a good example. You know, you know, someone has to
go to Carmex.com and type in a bunch of information about their car and we have to figure out what
offer to make on that car. Can't get into the super details, but obviously there's some machine
learning aspects of that, which I worked on and built out a lot of machine learning algorithms
that could, that could help generate, you know, that, what the value of that car was worth. And
that was a multi-month effort to kind of come up with new machine learning. But there was also like
a lot of system stuff, because we had to, we had to suddenly respond to like these real-time
requests, like the way the store systems work, like, you know, I don't know if everyone's ever
sold a car to Carmex the old-fashioned way, but you go in, they look at your car, you sit around
for like a while, right? Like, you know, the time, the time, the time of the computer doing something
is tiny compared to like the time it takes you to go and sit in the seat and wait to get an appraisal,
right? Whereas if you're doing it online, you want to click submit and see what your car's worth
really fast, right? So that was a whole new paradigm, like response time became a lot more
important than it was. And our systems had to be rejiggered. We ended up using Azure Service Bus,
ended up writing a ton of Azure Service Bus Python code. Who knew I was going to be doing that,
you know, five years ago, to get the systems kind of in line to be able to handle like this
new paradigm of like, hey, we're going to have to respond to these requests fast and, and send back
a response fast, you know, with our partners that were obviously building the website and stuff.
So it was a lot of, there was some system work, there was some machine learning, there was, you
know, we have to, certain things we want to look up about the car that we have to go do these
relatively fast lookups and make that work. So, so kind of pushing all that together, getting all
this stuff into production, all these, all these things productionalized so that we could do this
live in real time. But that was, you know, a big, that was a multi-year process. I mean, I'm making
it sound like it's just something we did. Like there was like, obviously we rolled out, rolled
it out in various stages, but that was a good example of what I work on. There's other teams
at CarMax. So I work on, this is the appraisal lane team. So we're thinking about how do we buy
cars from like any people on this call. There's also a team that buys cars from auctions, like,
you know, like Mannheim auctions and stuff like that. And then there's also a team that thinks
about what we, what we price the car in the lot, right? Like when we put a car in the lot to sell,
like what is that price? So there's multiple teams that are thinking about pricing. There's
obviously a lot of other data science teams at CarMax, but I am focused on the team that
thinks about car prices. Cool. Thank you for the context. Frank, I see you asked the question a
little bit earlier. Do you want to jump in? And hi, hi Frank. Yeah, I'd love to jump in. So like
I mentioned, I'm still thinking about part of our conversation from last week where we started
talking about communication tools. And Marcus, I'm curious when we think about communicating with
your team, with your peers, with your stakeholders, everyone uses Zoom. We're on Zoom right now.
Everyone uses email. There's also Slack, but I'm curious, is there anything else, any other tools
that you use that you've tried to manage your time, measure, like manage how you talk to people,
communicate with the folks that you work with? Absolutely. That's a great question. We actually
ended up using Teams at, which is, which is Microsoft's kind of Slack, Zoom thing. You know,
it works. And I kind of like Slack more for some things, like Zoom more for other things,
but, you know, Teams is what it is. But, you know, I would say at the beginning of the pandemic,
you know, obviously at the beginning we were all in person. So a lot of in-person meetings,
a lot of in-person conversations, a lot of, you know, a lot of going to the third floor
and having to find a meeting room at the beginning of like the online appraisal project. Now it's
mostly Teams. We did start using, and we let me borrow this from like our IT, our technology
partners when we were working on the online, on the online product and the online appraisal product
was, what's it called? LeanKit. We started using LeanKit as a, which is a tool to kind of track
tasks and kind of have these lanes of tasks. And you can make a card and assign people to it and
kind of move it from, you know, the backlog to, to working now, to finish as planned or
discarded or whatever. So LeanKit is a tool that my team uses, uses a lot. We didn't when I started.
So it keeps kind of, it kind of helps us like, you know, one, it helps you, hey, I think we should,
you know, redo this table in a better way or whatever. We'll make a card for it and you'll,
and you can kind of help remind yourself to come back and look at it later.
That's kind of communication. We also started doing like, at least for my team, and this is
something that I don't know if it was my idea or not, but we did something we did when I was a DOE.
When I was at the Department of Energy, we would have a morning tag up, like with the leadership
would all get together every day, every morning at like 8.30, which was miserable, 8.30 every day.
And I would always be a few minutes late. And we would talk, everyone would talk about what they
had going on that day. And I remember bringing that idea to my boss. And I don't know if it was
inspired by that or just partially related to that, but we started doing that at Carmex. And
I think most teams have like a daily tag up where you kind of, and each one is kind of
structured differently. One day we'll look at LinkIt. One day we'll talk about, you know,
we'll review kind of open topics. One day we'll kind of look at this other kind of structure we
use. We're kind of talking about the week's agenda and stuff. So kind of that daily touch-up. It's
getting a little trickier as we start. I think everyone on my team is still like East Coast,
but I think other teams are starting to get some West Coast folks and 9 a.m. standards don't work
if you've got someone on the West Coast, right? So I think one team has moved their stand up to
like, you know, later in the day. But that seems to work. But I think it's mainly that. Ironically,
we don't send a lot of emails. Like we get a lot of automated emails, like telling us like reports
and like graphs and like, you know, this model retrained and stuff. But we don't, we don't
actually, I don't get a whole ton of emails like from my team. Most of everything is done in teams
for better or for worse. Different channels, channels for support when things are breaking,
channels for systems, channels for like just my team and the R&D. That seems to be the main thing.
It wasn't really my call, right? Like teams was just kind of like, but I think, I think we figured
out how to use it pretty effectively in the, you know, probably six months in the pandemic,
we sort of had a good system going. Yeah, it sounds like it. And it's really interesting.
I just mentioned in a side chat here, we are all working on the modern data stack, right? Like
we are at kind of like the forefront of innovation. And I feel like a lot of teams just
kind of go with the Slack, Zoom, email communication tools. So it's great to hear
you guys are trying something, some other stuff that works for you.
Yeah, with LeanKit, we borrowed it from, I mean, it's not really a communication tool,
it's more of an organizational kind of project management tool, but we kind of borrowed it from
technology because we saw they were using it, our technology department was using it. We brought it
into the appraisal lane and sort of filtered out some other teams within the pricing systems. So
that seems to be getting some traction. A lot of questions in here, so we can keep.
Yeah, definitely. I see, Marlene, you had your hand raised a bit earlier,
so I didn't know if it was on this topic too, if you want to jump in.
Um, it's on a separate topic, but-
That's okay, go for it.
In the chat before me, so I'd like Tanya to go first and then I can ask.
Okay.
That's kind of stable, you know, before.
So no, there's no rules, but yeah, but I'll come back to you in just a second here.
Hey Daniel, do you want to jump in?
Sure, yeah. Hey everybody, hey Marcos, I really enjoyed that conversation so far. I'm just
interested in hearing a little bit more about unit testing that you guys roll into your work,
you know, I think it's one of those parts of pipelining that is very like human driven,
you know, like what unit tests are you thinking about, like how are you including them to your
workflows, you know, what's important for the kind of work that the organization is doing and
just kind of interested to hear more about, you know, what are some standard unit tests that
you're working on, your team's working on, what are some non-standard unit tests, like where you
roll them in, how much time you spend on them, that kind of thing.
That's a great question. Um, so as I was arriving, the reason why my team, my bigger team,
the core pricing systems team was talking about unit tests so much when I got there is because
they had kind of made a decision to make sure they had a hundred percent coverage of all their
of our entire code base. And they weren't, because I think we had just migrated to the cloud. This is
another thing that happened right before I got there. Like everything had been running on-prem
and then we moved everything to running in Azure. And so I think as part of that transition,
I think our unit test coverage had plummeted or maybe it was never high and it got lower.
So there was a huge effort where everyone was kind of just grabbing different pieces of code
and writing unit tests to cover all, to cover all the lines for people that know what coverage is,
just in case you don't know, like you can basically run a coverage report and like a
test that you run, like four tests and the test will like run this method and run that method and
run this, you know, function or whatever. And then the coverage report will tell you, well,
you never, this line has never been run, right? Like you never run this line or this conditional
has never been flipped because you never, this thing was never, you know, the price was never
less than 10,000 or whatever. Um, so there was a huge effort to get full coverage, which I was
completely clueless about because I didn't know what unit test was. So I get in there and everyone
was telling me unit tests all the time and describing how I got this thing to crash.
And I got this exception to be caught and et cetera. So basically our goal right now is to
kind of basically have this giant, one unique thing that I should point out is that, what is,
I think unique to the team I'm on in, in, um, at CarMax, unique to this team and CarMax and probably
unique in general is that we are very vertically integrated. Like the team, like the code base
that I can touch is, can have code that basically is wrapping around machine learning, but it can
also have, it also has the code that is like running 24 seven in the cloud that is like hitting
Azure Service Bus, right? So we have like this, the deployment of the algorithm, we get really
close to the deployment. We don't own like the cluster, like we have our technology partners
that like own, like, you know, the actual Azure pods that are running the stuff, but like the
code that we run on that thing we own, right. Which is very unusual. I think a lot of data
scientists kind of ride the machine learning thing and then kind of throw it over the wall to some
production team. And it's not like that with us. So because of that, we, plus we have this production
code, which we call like our cluster code. And we have like the code that wraps our machine learning
models, which we call components. Like, uh, we have, we kind of have all that code and we can
basically run unit tests to try and cover every single thing. Right. So they tend to be, tend to
be focused around like, uh, at the, you know, um, we also have like wrappers for Mongo tables, like
that we have like a wrapper that we've written around Mongo. So all these little pieces of code,
basically the goal is to kind of just make sure that every line is covered. There's been some
debate internally about, well, it's a goal to test, like, you know, we don't have a lot of tests
that like run through the entire pipeline. Like we don't have like integration tested in the unit
test. And there's been a lot of debate. Should we add things that are actually sending the ping
pong ball all the way down from, you know, the raw request all the way to going back? Or should we
just kind of be testing everything a little bits? I think we're more testing everything a little
bits, but, um, um, but that is our goal. And so like, we have like, we have a linting standards
that we added. So we make sure that everything is linted properly. We have, and we have, it's all
automated so we can run like we, I think we finally put it into a, what do you call it? I
don't know how it works exactly. Cause it's not my, not my thing, but basically whenever we submit
a pull request, like it automatically runs all the unit tests and it's good. We write them mainly to
make sure we didn't break something. I, you know, that's, that's the real goal. Right. But we also
write so that, and, but we also write them just to make sure that every line is covered. And so I
think it's more, the more the goal. Um, but the idea is like, if there's an, if there's a piece
of code that runs an algorithm, then we run, then we have unit tests to make sure that all works.
If there's a piece of code that like takes in like a raw request where all we're getting is like,
I don't know, try to think of some, some safe example to probably get up. But you might
imagine that the data we get, the payload that we get, we may want to look up auxiliary stuff.
Like, I don't know. I think it's something that's, that's, that's, that seems obvious.
Um, I have to be careful because our, all of our feature engineering is secret.
Uh, but just, let's just look at like, the VIN can tell you a lot of information about the car,
right? This is a good example, right? The VIN of a car like has embedded in it, like the model year.
So say we got, um, a VIN and, but then it was, that means when you decode the VIN,
it's like model year 2012, but then someone, the customer typed in model year 2013.
And then we're like, this doesn't really happen, but we would, we would have code that would look
that up and check those two things against each other. And if the model year and the VIN disagree,
we would just reject it and say, this is not a valid request, right? So that's code. We have
to test all those things as well. So the goal is to just kind of test every single little
method and class that we have. It's not super integrated, but it is probably been talking
for too long, but you're going to test. I'll stop. I feel like you're very passionate about
unit tests now too. You went from not knowing them in the beginning.
We used to have a lot of debates. We used to have a lot of debates internally because we used to have
more formal code reviews, but everything. And so like what we should be testing was the
concept topic of debate. We'd talk about it less. Marlene, you want to jump in now?
Sure. Um, so as somebody who's used CarMax before, by the way, I'm always kind of, um,
the light bulb goes on when I realized that some of the things that I've used every day
are actually machine learning or an algorithm in the background, right? You're like, oh my God.
Yeah. That's, that's what we do in play and in practice. So that's really cool to hear that
verified. Right. Um, but, uh, my question was about, so with data projects in general, right.
I mean, you've launched some pretty big projects. I mean, as an organization CarMax has, right. You've
talked about a few of them. Um, what does the, and I'm interested from anybody on the call,
by the way, if you want to throw your, your organization's kind of MO in the chat, but
do you feel that, uh, a project kind of gets delved down to you from the management team or
does your team or somebody maybe from one of the other data science teams kind of start to bring
projects forward, they get looked at by management and then kind of get the go ahead back. Do you
see what I'm saying? Is it kind of bottom up or top down? Yeah, exactly. I think that the goal,
I think the goal to do, like we want to, we want to be able to appraise cars on the website was a,
I don't know how high up it was, but that was a top down. That was something that came to us. Like
we wanted, we want to figure out a way to do this, to do this. And we're, so it was a task given to
us, but I think there are smaller things where it is kind of bottom up. Okay. I discovered this cool,
I discovered this cool thing. This is cool opportunity. You know, I spice the data this
way and you know, this bucket of cars is doing this interesting thing. So let's change,
let's change how we do this algorithm. Let's change how we do this, whatever. I can't get
too specific about it, but there's definitely things where, you know, people are doing discovery
come up with something, come, come up with a new way to do something. Maybe it's faster,
maybe it's just more efficient. And then that gets pitched up and it's like, yeah, this is better.
Let's just do it. Right. So it definitely happens both ways. I think, I think the bottom up tends to
be smaller components of a thing. Whereas like a huge, like idea, let's say let's though you could
argue that the origin of CPS, which is like, let's try and use algorithms to help price cars that did
start bottom up. Like I can't, I don't think I'm allowed to tell that story, but like, like the,
the person who came up with the, Hey, let's try and use algorithms to, to, to help us with our
car pricing that did, that was bottom up. And it was a effort to convince like the organization
that like, this is something that can help us. Now that was long, that was before my time. But
so you could argue that. Yeah. I think it is a healthy balance of both once you get it up and
running. Right. I'm in a position where there is no projects. So I'm trying to figure out where do
I start? Like management start brainstorming, or do I start bringing the data science team along
that I'm brand new, like shiny assembled to start to propose projects to the management and start,
where do I start that? But I guess it's, it's anybody's guess, right? You just kind of throw
spaghetti at the wall and see what sticks. So I want to answer, I want to answer, absolutely. I
want to answer Libby's question, which I'm seeing before I forget, which is about sharing practices.
And we actually just started using a stack enterprise, whatever it was, stack overflow
software, but private, whatever it's called. I think it's called stack enterprise Libby.
And that's been, we had a wiki that was based on GitHub, you know, our on-prem GitHub,
and that never seemed to work very well. So now we've kind of moved to this stack enterprise
thing, which we use both Karma. I think it's used both Carmex wide. And then we have one just for
our CPS team. And that's been really, really pushing to like, every time someone asks a
question in teams, like, why don't you make a, why don't you make a stack, answer that on stack.
And so we've been trying to move that way so that people can, can share, but it tends to be more
technical things like, Oh, how do I do this? You know, how do I install this SQL client? But
sometimes it is, it is more like, what are these codes mean? Or what, how do we, you know, so we're
trying to do that. It's not really best practices yet, but it's, it is, it is aware as a knowledge
repository that we're trying to use. I love it. That's fantastic. I've kind of done that
in other jobs where I've gotten in and I realized people don't have a way to talk to each other and
teach each other. So I've set up like SharePoint messaging boards, where if it's after hours and
you're doing something you can ask and somebody else can answer you. It doesn't have to be
me, the coach like during office hours, helping you, you can help each other.
Right. I was kind of wondering as an addition to that, if you had anything that was like
knowledge sharing, sharing sessions, like maybe I don't work in the same area as you,
here's what I'm working on. So you can get other people's brains. We absolutely do. And that's,
as soon as you started saying that, I realized I forgot another thing we do, which is this thing
called Databytes, which is our little, like, it's kind of like a lunch and learn sort of thing.
You know, we kind of, it was going for a while and then we kind of, I think we paused it over
the summer, but it's back. And this is a chance. So we had told, I mentioned, we have these multiple
teams within pricing systems, and this is a chance for us to hear what other people have been working
on, like what tools that they use, what things that they discover. So like, I think I presented
a history, like it wasn't really, I think I wasn't super technical, but I presented a little history
of the online appraisal product that we just talked about a while ago. Other teams will talk
about their algorithms, the new versions of the algorithms they're working on and the new systems
they're working on. And this is a way for us, because why I mentioned the collaboration is
very deep, like inside the team. And every now and then you kind of touch like the other appraisal,
the other pricing system teams, like there is kind of a, huh, I know they're working on this
thing, but I don't know how it works. And so the goal of Databytes is to like, yeah, get into the
some details, like, well, this is how we set it up. This is how we're correcting it. This is the
kinds of machine learning models we're using. This is the data we trained it on. Why didn't you do,
why didn't you try this? Why didn't you use this much data? You know, that the whole point is to
kind of have an open discussion about this sort of thing. So. Totally cool.
So the Databytes, my colleague, Andrew has brought back the Databytes. I missed the last one
because I was in Texas, that's the theme of the episode. But it's a really good thing. And I hope
the plan is to keep doing that kind of once a month, I think. And can we rotate through the
four teams that we have? Cool. I was just going to ask you how often. So once a month, whenever I
hear some of the like names, you will come up with, I'm like, geez, why didn't I think about
that? That sounds really creative. I see a lot of hands went up on one of your last questions too.
So you, you, do you want to jump in? I don't know if you wanted to add to one of the previous ones,
or if you have a new question. Hi. Hi. Yeah. By the way, if you remember, we had a discussion
before. And by the way, I'm VP of data science from Accenture Finance. So my company works closely
with your company, CarMax. I believe we have several programs collaborated together. And I
just have one question for you. So you said that you build algorithms to use models for car pricing.
How will you use these models for car pricing? When you implement it, how do you mitigate the
possible risk it brings to the business decision? Because we know that car owners, they have similar
models for car pricing, and it didn't work well. I mispredict a lot. They had to lay off thousands
of employees earlier. And earlier at Zillow, they have similar algorithms. They predict a possible
price for houses. And they buy a lot of houses, and it didn't work either. Right. That's a great
question. There are some risks for business decisions. How do you mitigate these risks?
Those are great questions. How can I answer this? Because the one thing I'm not stuck
about are the details of our algorithms. All I can say is just look at our success,
look at our quarterly reports. I think we reported in our last SEC filing that we bought
300,000 cars online or something. We make money per car. I don't want to say our algorithms are
better. But I think we obviously monitor how we're doing. We can monitor. We know what we bought the
car for. We know what it ultimately sells for. We can cut that by a bunch of different segments.
And so there's definitely a very regular process by which we're looking at the performance of
the company as a whole, our algorithms as a whole, and really monitoring things very carefully.
But if you just look at the stock price, Wall Street is going to do what it does. But if you
just look at how we've done in terms of how much money we're making per car, we've been profitable
throughout this entire... As far as I know, maybe I shouldn't... It's not stock advice.
But if you just read our reports, then we seem to be managing that risk very well.
Obviously, it's been a crazy time. Cars are appreciated and depreciated. I mean,
you haven't seen all the headlines about car prices. It's been a crazy three years.
Basically, since we started this online appraisal product, nothing has been normal about car prices,
and yet somehow we've made it work. Yeah. Thank you very much.
Definitely. Thank you. Brian, I see you had your hand raised too.
Oh, there you are. Yeah. So on the bottom up versus top down. So I've worked under both.
And it was interesting. One environment I worked in, we were bottom up. And I come from a corporate
finance background, so we did a couple of things. One, we weighted the projects on impact,
ease of doing, and overall cost. So we would present to our leadership
the people that were going to fund these deals, like project A, high impact or low impact,
ease of doing, and how much it was going to cost. And if it was really big,
like a system-wide thing, I would do a five-year net present value of costs,
and you do opportunity costs, and you do all the financials. Because at the end of the day,
if it's got to go to CFO's desk, you want to speak to CFO. But it was an easy way to get for...
Because our team would generate all the ideas. People would be like, hey, I want to do computer
vision for this, or I want to do that, or I want to do something interesting with NLP.
And so we would actually pitch them all with this sort of weighting structures. Hey, we can knock
this out in about a month, or this is six months, and oh, but you may be able to streamline this or
change these kinds of things. So it's harder to just pitch ideas without that to leadership.
I think that's the takeaway from it all. You really got to give value to the people that
proposition across, I think, those elements.
I agree with all that.
Thanks, Brian. I was trying to remember, and I was writing this in the chat. I think it was Darren
who mentioned this rubric that they use to decide which projects to work on too.
I was trying to find it on the side, but again, multitasking is difficult.
I'm trying to keep up with the chat. I think Allen asked a question about my time,
program level versus people leader. I would say, and I have made a point to try and,
and I think I mentioned this in a previous Hangout in the chat, that I feel like
finding time to focus on, to head down, actually doing coding or discovery, whatever. I want to
keep that time. So I started blocking out certain chunks of my calendar to make sure that nothing
gets scheduled in those chunks so that I can head down, focus on doing some discovery or maybe
planning with a new algorithm or looking at trends or whatever. So I try and do that.
But I think, obviously, we have to have meetings with my team about what we're trying to do,
what is our goal. I mentioned that we have a daily tag up. I mentioned we have what we call
the MLOps, I'm on the MLOps team. So there's meetings. I do do interviews. I do first round
interviews. So those get scheduled, those get dropped onto my calendar. But I think I probably,
it's probably like 50%, like, you know, kind of all that service and stuff. And then maybe a little,
it depends on the week, obviously. And then 50% where I can actually like focus on either writing
code or trying to find a, you know, solve a bug or what have you. So kind of more technical stuff.
And then we do, I do also help, like, I don't, I don't manage people directly. I do,
I am usually involved when we hire new people. And so I do try and schedule time as, you know,
for our new folk, like there's, there's formal training we do and formal review of, like, some
notebooks that we have for training, but how to access our data and how our environment works.
But then there's also kind of just check-ins with folks, you know, after the fact, like, you know,
I'm obviously always frequently available just for people to ping me on Teams, but I like to have,
like, schedule, like, check-ins, like, as people are getting started with, like, hey, what do you
want to talk about? But I think I'm, I think, you know, there should still have a decent, I don't
know how that will change is, you know, titles change and, and work and my role changes. But for
now it's, it's a pretty good balance. It's also a balance between systems and algorithms. I
mentioned how we own this whole stack. So even within that 50%, like probably half of that is
algorithm development and looking at data and thinking about machine learning and thinking
about, you know, algorithm design and fitting things and predicting things. And half of the
time is, you know, system-y stuff, like trying to like, you know, think about the code and think
about the, you know, the more systems aspects, maybe not, like we're trying to, you know,
totally. Don't worry about the chat, Marcos. I promise I will, I'll collect the questions.
Okay. I see Timothy, you had your hand raised too, if you want to jump in.
Hi, thanks for the talk. It was really, really great inspiration there. I'm going to rewind a
little bit to the very beginning and sort of ask, as somebody who sees themselves in a similar,
keeping options open in terms of career, what was the most effective asset that you
had that led to you being able to transition to your current position?
Right. That's a great question. I mean, I think probably two things. One is like that,
that, that interest or ability or willingness to kind of like teach, just try and teach myself
stuff. Like, like I said, I, in graduate school, I'd done a ton of data analysis and stuff, but
like it was all in this obsolete language that wasn't going to help me. Right. So I had to teach
myself Python and then I had to kind of teach myself R and then eventually teach myself more
Python. So, I mean, I think just the openness to trying that and kind of, I gave myself a project,
you know, to kind of figure out how to, how to use Python and understand classes and object-oriented
programming, which I did not understand 10 years ago. But then too, I do think that my work
experience, because I had, you know, I had done a lot of non-technical stuff. I do think that
probably helped. I, I don't really know how that was all balanced when I, you know, when I
interviewed, but I did feel like I had this like record of like professional accomplishment that
maybe it wasn't technical. But obviously I, you know, I had a, people knew I could write, people
knew I could think, people knew I could read, you know, I had this, I had this track record. So I
think, I think like, you know, success, even in my previous jobs, even if they weren't data science
jobs, probably, I like, I think also helped. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. And the second part of that is
sort of a more like, I guess, personal passion, motivation thing is how do you go from, presumably
you don't get a PhD in astrophysics unless you actually like, you know, that, like stars or
doing math about stars. How do you, how did you translate, do the mental folding to translate that
from, you know, you spent many years doing this to, you know, a different position, you know?
Right. That's a great question. That's probably, my dad would like to know the answer to that.
Cause he's like, I thought you wanted to be an astronomer. What are you doing? You know, the
first, the first step was not to data science, of course, it was to the science policy world.
And I think I had always had this interest in politics and the government. And, and so that
first transition came because someone, when I was at Rice, they have these talks like once a month
about non-academic careers and someone who had done science policy and worked at like the National
Academies of Science and had worked as a congressional science fellow came and gave a
talk about what she had done with her, you know, physics or astrophysics degree. I can't really,
I think that's what she had. And that really fascinated me. This guy could kind of combine
these two things. And as I went through my postdoc, like I just found my brain not really
focused. I mean, I kind of enjoyed my research and I was kind of enjoying my wrapping up what I'd done
my PhD on, but I wasn't super motivated by like the new stuff I was working on as a postdoc.
So it was relatively, so even though I was a lot of astronomy and, you know, very happy and I met
a ton of great people in grad school who are my, some of my friends today. You know, it became,
it was pretty easy choice to try and kind of pivot to this science policy world. And then
from science policy, data science was more practical, right? Like, you know, I needed a
more, once you get to the upper echelons of the science policy world, there's just a number of
jobs and openings become fewer and fewer. There's a ton of jobs kind of sort of at the entry level
for science policy. But as you start to work your way up, I was, I was running out of things to do.
I was trying to become the chief of staff at a university. It's like two openings of that a year.
So like, you know, it was just, it became more practical, right? And then it turns out when I did it,
I was sort of, I started itching that part of my brain again. I really enjoyed it. Like, you know,
I enjoyed the incubator. I enjoyed trying to, you know, do the swirl lessons in R. I enjoyed building.
I built like some, some tiny apps and it was like very satisfying. So I found that like,
once I got back into doing technical stuff, like I find it, I found that scratching that itch was
still very satisfying. Yeah. Thanks. I really appreciate that. I'm kind of in the same position
where I'm in academic, you know, clinical research and it's like this pyramid or it's like,
yeah, they kind of get a little stuck. And yeah, it's really, it's really nice to be reminded that
you can always, life is, you know, long journey and you can always switch courses and it's,
you don't always need to be looking at other people and being like, Oh, they did this by age
22 or like, you know, they've been doing, you know, it's like the straight trajectory to
some, to success. I mean, you could argue that CarMax is my first job because it didn't have
an expiration date. Cause all my previous jobs had some kind of like, they were fellowships.
So they were right. So you could definitely argue this is my first job. It doesn't have
a built-in expiration date like my previous positions did. Well, thank you very much.
Absolutely. Thank you, Timothy too. I see there's a lot of interest in this discussion too. So I
don't want to leave this, this topic here because I see Gregory, you asked a question and, and Alan
plus one did as well. Gregory, do you want to jump in if there's any follow-up you want to ask there
too? Can you hear me? Yep. Oh, I'm sorry, Jack. No, no, it's okay. I see that they're flipped on
the chat. Yeah. So, I mean, I'm also in a very similar position. I think Timothy asked a really
good question about, you know, I'm in an academic world. I've moved into government and now I'm in
this position where I had an economics degree, finished that PhD. And now I'm looking to try to
potentially move on and utilize some of the ML skills that I've developed through the PhD to be
able to, you know, more of a data science role. I mean, you mentioned some of the things that you
were trying to emphasize and the things that were interesting to employers or the very specific
skills that you were trying to sell to them or anything like that. Yeah. I mean, I think I, I
mean, so I was in this position where I felt like my best selling point was this. Well, I've been,
you know, I'm trying to think, think back. So I did go through the data incubator program, which
kind of for better or for worse, like when I was a fellow, this is like three years ago,
I don't know how they've changed their business model exactly, but like, I just basically didn't
pay anything to do the data incubator, but I had to go try and get placed with their hiring partners
was kind of the way that worked. And so, and I was technically, I was, you know,
I think it was only supposed to like only supposed to interview with their hiring partners for a
while. So, so I had this kind of like subset of like employers I could work for, I could
work with and they'd help me with my resume and stuff. But the, and the end result was,
I felt like my, my, my, my, what made me a little different than everybody else was the fact that I
was, you know, had, I wasn't a lot of my colleagues, they were fresh out of grad school, right. I had
worked for 10 years. So I felt like that, that background of how did I, how did I phrase it?
I'm working, you know, in a high pressure and professional environment, you know,
in a tight deadlines, you know, that, that, that work experience was still relevant, even if it
wasn't technical, right. So I tried to sell that. And I remember talking to the founder of TDI who
came in for lunch with us and he told me to try and try and talk up that aspect of things. But
I also had sort of, you know, yes, I was new to being data science. I was new, you know, I recently
learned R and recently got this bootcamp, but I did, had done a very technical PhD, right. So
there's clearly, you know, data and numbers, statistics were not something that like people
were new to me, right. I mean, I had a bachelor's in astronomy, I had a PhD in astronomy. I think
that helped too. You know, I can't, you know, I did a bunch of interviews, like when I came to TDI,
I don't really remember how they all went. They were all different. You know, CarMax's was not
super, it was more about critical thinking skills and like the kind of questions I got asked were
not like, you know, co-challenges, whatever. They were like thinking through kind of thinking
through more of like a, more like a consulting sort of thing, like a case kind of interview.
And so, but I was mainly trying to say, hey, I did a bunch of data analysis. I have all this
experience from my PhD. I have all this work experience where I was working in like, you know,
on type deadlines, you know, working for important people, you know, doing like
instituting stuff, right. And now I've kind of refreshed on my technical skills and like got
to this data incubator and I'm ready to go, right. That's kind of how I package myself.
I know when we look at interviews, when we look at resumes and look at
candidates now, like, you know, we're looking for analytical degrees, analytical mindset,
and, you know, it certainly helps if you're applying for data science role to have done
something. It could be a bootcamp, it could be a side project, it could be, you know, some work
experience, some volunteer experience with something that, you know, you mentioned Python,
pandas, machine learning, scikit-learn, you know, even, you know, things of that nature, right.
It's kind of the skills we're looking for to get, you know, to get into the door. And then
obviously you just have to do well at the interviews. Thank you.
That's great that you had that program in place too though. I know you mentioned like you're
supposed to only interview with certain like hiring managers, but sounds like there are a
lot of companies they work with. I know, Robert, you asked a question a bit earlier too. Do you
want to jump in? Yeah, sure. I was asking sort of how you made the decision to use the
enterprise service bus and whether or not that's like your main way of sort of moving data between
services. You know, did you, could you have done more like, you know, PySpark and Airflow and you
went with the ESP instead, or was there also like an option for like message queues, like kind of.
Right. Yeah. That's a very good question. I don't, I don't think, I think by the time I came on board
and was like looped in and read into the, to what we were doing, the decision had already been made.
We've been using Azure message queues or I think the storage-based queues before. And I think,
I think to do the real time kind of stuff with the online product, we wanted to move to service bus.
So it'd be easier to link, you know, our response back to the incoming, to the incoming requests
in a direct way. And so we partnered with technology. So technology kind of wrote like the,
you know, the API, the REST API, and then they would send us the service bus message and then
we would get it, process it, put a message back, send a message back and it would flow up. So I,
it's a great question. I don't know what other things were evaluated. You know, we were kind of
already, we'd already kind of moved to Azure. I think there were other teams kind of using
service bus for things. So I, unfortunately I, I was not kind of involved in that decision.
I was basically like, oh, we're using service bus. I need to figure out how to, how the Python APIs
work. I mean, that's, that's kind of, that's kind of where I came in and ended up re re not
rewriting, but we ended up rewriting a lot of our, of our code to, to handle service bus.
But you know, it worked, it worked pretty well for us, you know and it was, you know,
it was relatively straightforward for us to, for us to, to process those requests, you know,
process cars and send, send the messages back. Okay. That makes sense. Thanks. Yeah.
I just wanted to double check Tyler and Hannah, if there was anything over on Slido,
cause I realized we didn't ask any of the anonymous questions yet.
None right now. Okay, cool. Well, I love that. Everybody's asking them here too.
What was I just going to ask you? I lost my train of thought. Oh, when you were
talking about like using other, like using new tools that you saw that were helpful for
other teams, how do you like start to like share those across the company? Cause I feel like that's
separate from like a conversation about like data science or like your process, but more of like,
right. Yeah. Big picture. Those are good questions. You know, like, you know, I don't have
too many examples. Like the LinkedIn example was like, we were trying to get like this, this
online appraisal service up and running. We were partnering with our, with our partners in
technology who were going to kind of own the API. And so we were going to their meetings and looking
at their LinkedIn board and my boss and I were like, Hey, that looks kind of neat. And so,
you know, it turns out we had a license, CarMax had a license for it. We were able to get access
to it and to start playing around with it. And it became, and then we, you know, you kind of try it
and see how it works. And then pretty soon we ended up liking it and kept using it. Similarly
with Stack Enterprise, I think it was deployed. We got like, you know, corporate emails saying,
Hey, we're using, we have Stack Enterprise now. And then I think we realized we can make like a
sub, cause again, some of the stuff we do, it needs to be, it's a little more confidential
than that other teams do. So we were able to make like our own little, one of my colleagues on the
MLOps team realized we could make a kind of sub, you know, a team specific Stack Enterprise inside
of the CarMax wide one. And then we created our own and then we could answer questions in there
that we didn't want like the entire company to be able to see. So so that worked really well.
So, so far it hasn't been, so far when those two examples, like it was relatively seamless,
like we kind of already had access to it. We could already kind of, we could already kind of use it.
Other, you know, there may be other, maybe other bottlenecks that I don't know about,
but so, so far it's been pretty easy to do that. Well, yeah, I think just for myself,
I think sometimes it's hard to know like what tools are available within a company. Like there
may be a pocket of like, or a group over here that's using some tool that could really help
me, but because we don't do the same thing, we don't talk about it.
Right. Yeah. I mean, we were, this was again, kind of 2019, early 2020, pre-pandemic. So we
were physically going to meetings with these technology teams and we kind of saw how they
were managing their, their side of the project. And that kind of, there's also something called
Miro. I think someone, one of the teams was using Miro, that sort of Miro.
So that one didn't quite take off as much, but we saw it and we tried it and, you know,
and we played around with it, but it didn't really kind of catch on with our team the way
LinkIt did. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. That's a question I love to ask the group too. If there is like a
tool that you're using across your team that you really like, or something you just didn't know
about before, I love to get ideas. Like a random one that I really like is this tool called like
ad event where like I can like get people to like sign up for meetups and they don't have to
like give me any details. They can just add it to their calendar, but it's something random. I just
learned about from Robert on my team. So it's just, it's just cool to hear about what people
are using. I see, let's see, Luke, I see you had a comment in the chat. Do you want to jump in?
Oh, you can't. I just want to make sure that I didn't miss any questions here. Right when I told
you, Marcos, you don't have to worry about. I'm still going to chat. There's fun comments in the
chat. Yeah. So I'm still reading the chat. I saw someone tell me to stop looking at reading the
chat and that's why I was laughing earlier. I read the chat. I like that conversation, like
Alan, about like finding leadership positions that are not people leadership and how there
are a lot of people I've met in data science who are really interested in finding these upper
levels. And you kind of sounded like you hit that in the policy space where you're like,
there's nowhere else for me to go. I think data scientists hit that frequently. You found a sweet
spot of like half project management, not really people management. Do you see those in other
organizations or do you feel like yours is pretty unique? I think there are examples of people of
kind of, you know, mostly I see folks like me within pricing. I can think of one person who
like, you know, I think it's me, but more senior than me who doesn't manage people, but like still
has a very, you know, a lot of autonomy and a lot of product management. But I think we are,
I think our all teams are, and I think I would assume this is happening at a lot of entities,
trying to think more about this and this exact question you're asking. So I know
there are conversations happening, I think within Carmex about like, do we have the right titles,
the right roles, the right career tracks for people that make sense, you know, because, you know,
the strategy world that we're in is a lot more focused on, you know, like it doesn't quite map.
I don't think those titles and those career tracks quite map on to like the data science world. So I
think we're thinking about that. But yeah, it's funny that my title is manager. I don't manage
people until I get all these weird LinkedIn, you know, messages about what you think they think I
can buy things. I think I can like hire people. I mean, I interview folks, but I don't like,
I get a lot of messages that are completely misunderstand what my title means, which is
really funny. I see that there was a conversation earlier in the chat about like, if you're maybe
the only data scientist on a team, and you're trying to like, get other people on board,
or maybe they don't want to come on board, but you might be feeling like in this lonely,
like middle spot, like, do you have any advice for people?
No, that's a great, I saw, I think I just saw that question. I don't, I mean, I think I'm really
blessed to be on a team that is like full of data scientists and like, you know, and it really values
data science. And so I'm not like the lone data scientist who has to like, try to explain to
people that we need to install scikit-learn or whatever we need to use open source tools. Like
everyone, these battles might have been fought in the past before I got there. But like, ultimately,
like, I mean, there are some analysts on corporate systems, of course, but like,
it's a ton of data scientists. We're all, we're all trying to do data science. We're all, you know,
they're super flexible in terms of what kind of tools we can, we use these virtualized machines
in the clouds, it's super easy to install new things, like to get permissions, like, try it.
I mean, I just, I learned about Streamlit, ironically, at the RStudio conference, but
I never heard of, I never heard of Streamlit before. And, and of course, I also heard about
training, training for Python. And, you know, I can, if I want to install this, my jump box and
trying, sorry, death box, and play around with those, like, it was easy to do. And then I can
say, hey, let's get this installed on all the new ones as we, as we make them. And so, so it's,
I'm just very, it's, it's a very fortunate situation. I don't have, I've noticed that
as a theme of some of these meetups, there's like the lone person who wants to like, you know,
switch to use R instead of C, instead of, you know, Excel or whatever. And I think, you know,
for better or worse, like, it's not a problem I've encountered. I've been very lucky at Carmex.
Great. Thank you. So we used to ask this quite a bit, and I don't know, it kind of fell off where
we stopped asking, but I'm curious, are there certain resources or podcasts that you find
really helpful in this space and like, just staying up to date on things?
That's a great question. You know, it's, it's funny, I, I've started following more people on,
on Twitter. I don't really have a great, my Twitter presence is super chaotic. Like I have
like a bunch of accounts and like my main account, I'm kind of anonymous on because I don't want
people to know what I say. But like, I, though I have a world, I have a world bot, right? I made
a world bot like a while ago that just, it just tries to solve portals. Right. And it has like 40
followers. And, but, but it's, but it's links to my GitHub. So like everyone knows that's me.
So I started following like a bunch of a bunch of like, I follow you on that from that account,
Rachel and like other folks. And I started trying to follow more people who tweet about data science
and stuff. And that actually has been kind of interesting. I think I found people from,
from the conference, from your conference, from the RStudio conference. And, you know,
I heard people talking about Duck TV and I started playing with Duck TV and how it works
with Parquet files. I'm like, oh, this is kind of neat. So that has been like lately, it's been
like just kind of seeing people that people retweet. I started following the Quarto pub,
but there's an account that retweets every tweet that mentions Quarto. And that's been interesting
rabbit hole to chase people down that way and see who's using Quarto and what they do.
Unfortunately, I don't have a bunch of podcasts I listen to. I tend to like get an idea of something
I want to do as like a side project. And then I just start trying to like learn how to do it
as opposed to like, oh, I should watch this. But, but these, you know, to be honest, this event and
some of your other meetups have been, have been eye opening in that way. And of course the,
ironically, you know, the RStudio conference itself, I guess how I found this, this event
and a lot of other things. But now I don't have a lot of podcasts that I, data science podcasts
that I listen to. But I am finding, I am finding Twitter to start to be useful. Following other
people on Twitter has been, has been an interesting exercise in learning more about tools people use.
Cool. Yeah. I was trying, I was trying to remember in my head, like how we first got connected. And I
think it was from the RStudio conference too. But as you think about like some of these other
tools or things you're finding out about, is there something you're like most excited about in the
year ahead? You always ask this question to people. And every time you ask it to other folks,
I've been like, what am I going to say when she asks me? And unfortunately I don't have a great
answer. I mean, I just, I feel like, you know, I mean, you know, we are in a position at Carmex
where like, you know, we are, and to me, like the most interesting things are these like
visualization tools. Like, I think I'm kind of excited about shining for Python to see,
to see where that goes. You know, I use dash a lot. I'm always curious to see how that evolves.
I've just discovered streamlines. So like trying to, trying to start to take some of these
emails and even quarto, you know, I've been playing around with quarto. I love, you know,
I've been trying to get that up and running and maybe I have a fantasy in the future. I can use
that to kind of generate some, some static web pages that we can share, you know, reports and
things across the team. So those kinds of like, you know, taking the data and the stuff that I
would do in a notebook and kind of making it accessible to even non data science, not Python
users, those tools that can do that are exciting. Whether it's, whether it's shiny, whether it's
dash, whether it's streamlined, whether it's quarto, like things like that to me are really
interesting because like we, like I said, a lot of my team is data scientists, but like,
if I want to share with someone a dash app right now, they basically have to run it themselves.
They have to clone it and run it themselves, like on their own computer. When I would love
to just be able to like give someone a link and be like, Hey, so we're working, we're trying to
work towards that in the future. And quarto is a great thing because we can, I think we'll be
able to use, I'm hoping that at some point we'll use quarto to like render some nice interactive
reports with like nice interactive graphs and drop it onto a web server and then anyone can
go look at it. So I'm kind of excited about that. Is the rest of the team kind of on board with
using like streamlined and dash too? Are there? There, there's various levels of enthusiasm.
People are always impressed with my apps. Like I think I haven't convinced people,
I've only convinced one person to, to write, I've only convinced one or two people to write their
own apps. And the one person that was really into it, I think left recently. So, but so we'll,
we'll see, we'll see how it takes off. I think people always think it's cool when I do it,
but I haven't convinced the other people to write their own. It's been a little, a little harder.
Yeah. I'm always, I'm always curious about that. Like people love the output or love like a shiny
app or stream that app that you, you create, but like, what's, what's the best way to get them to
like take that and maybe make their own from it too. Or is that just rely on somebody being curious
enough to take it and do that? Is one more question. Just curious. Is there something
you thought that we would all ask you today or something you were like preparing for us to,
to ask you that you want to share with us? I don't think so. I, I was worried I wouldn't have
enough to talk about. And so I wasn't, that wasn't a problem. Got a ton of questions. So that's,
that was great. I'm glad everyone was engaged. I, I, I do love that you call like me a co-host,
like that they can tell, I'm like, we're at your guests, we're your co-hosts. And like,
we're here to kind of pull everyone in and get interesting conversations started. So I really
liked that about the, about the hangouts. Thank you. I don't even know if I was intentional
about that in the beginning, but now I'm definitely going to make sure I keep doing that.
Thank you so much for joining us, Marcos. Really, really appreciate it.
Thank you all. I'm going to drop, I can, I've done it before and I can do it again,
but we do have openings on my team. Like I can drop, I think this, this, this, this event's
about to end, but I can drop some links on LinkedIn or just search any, any job that says
pricing, whether it's systems or pricing algorithms that's posted anywhere. Those are,
those are on my team or tangential to my team. So I can, I'll drop some links in LinkedIn group.
Awesome. Yeah. And if you, I'll grab them from LinkedIn too, but I'll share them with
the recording here. So if you're somebody watching this in the future, the links to
those jobs will be in the recording details below too. Thanks everybody. Have a great rest of the
day. Thanks everyone. Have a great day. Bye.